Fixed incorrect diagram explanation, added more clarity (#5549)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/inventory/index.md

![Source and aggregate stock](images/inventory-diagram-stock.png)

> In this diagram, a bicycle merchant has inventory for a touring bike in two warehouses and a drop shipper. He has two stocks with configured website sales channels and sources. When a customer shops through the UK website, Magento aggregates bike inventory from the UK warehouse and the drop shipper sources, for a salable quantity of 95. The touring bike can be shipped from either the warehouse or the drop shipper, but not the NY warehouse. Amazon Marketplace has the same stock, drawing from the same aggregate stock as the UK webite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this diagram, a bicycle merchant has inventory for a mountain bike in two warehouses and a drop shipper. He has two stocks with configured website sales channels and sources. When a customer shops through the UK website, Magento aggregates bike inventory from the UK warehouse and the drop shipper sources, for a salable quantity of 95. The bike can be shipped from either the warehouse or the drop shipper, but not the NY warehouse. Amazon Marketplace has the same stock, drawing from the same aggregate stock as the UK website.
```
